at first it was also unbelievable
Mike Dexter wanted to date me I know I
started dating I just don't know why I
did it for so long well he is a most
dope guy in school yeah and school's
over this party tonight a man is
suddenly he's single is fate fate has
opened me a window I gots to have sex
tonight it took me all day but I
narrowed it down to a list of 10 very
lucky finalists you know what I said do
you think there'll be any girls there
are you kidding me people may be having
sex
[Applause]
[Music]
and you're like let it but what bigger
but that's totally benefits
[Applause]
I can't feel my legs Lum BIA pictures
presents an event eighteen years in the
making when you find out who your
friends really are
don't think she's prettier than - not
even what's your future really homes I
am going to have sex with someone at
this party
and how one night can change your life I
don't know about you but I really
believe that there's one person out
there but for me it's gotta be a man
down
[Music]
doesn't mirror right there why don't you
take a look okay you're white good
guys like us we are a dime a dozen
is fate but it only takes you so far
because once you're there it's a GU to
make you happy
domina
[Music]
can't hardly wait she has winning